.body{
    background-image: url(2.jpg);
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-attachment: fixed;
    background-size: cover;
    background-color: lightgray;
    background-size: 1400px;
}

Construction of the mausoleum was essentially completed in 1643, but work continued on other phases of the project for another 10 years. 
The Taj Mahal complex is believed to have been completed in its entirety in 1653 at a cost estimated at the time to be around ₹32 million, which in 2020 would be approximately ₹70 billion (about US $1 billion).
The construction project employed some 20,000 artisans under the guidance of a board of architects led by the court architect to the emperor, Ustad Ahmad Lahauri. Various types of symbolism have been employed in the Taj to reflect natural beauty and divinity.

The Taj Mahal was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 for being "the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world's heritage". 
It is regarded by many as the best example of Mughal architecture and a symbol of India's rich history. 
The Taj Mahal attracts more than 6 million visitors a year[3] and in 2007, it was declared a winner of the New 7 Wonders of the World (2000–2007) initiative.

The Taj Mahal attracts a large number of tourists. 
UNESCO documented more than 2 million visitors in 2001, which had increased to about 7–8 million in 2014.
A two-tier pricing system is in place, with a significantly lower entrance fee for Indian citizens and a more expensive one for foreigners. 
As of 2022, the fee for Indian citizens was ₹50, for citizens of SAARC and BIMSTEC countries ₹540, for foreign tourists ₹1,100.
Most tourists visit in the cooler months of October, November and February. 
Polluting traffic is not allowed near the complex and tourists must either walk from parking areas or catch an electric bus. 
The Khawasspuras (northern courtyards) are currently being restored for use as a new visitor centre.
n 2019, in order to address overtourism, the site instituted fines for visitors who stayed longer than three hours.

The small town to the south of the Taj, known as Taj Ganji or Mumtazabad, was initially constructed with caravanserais, bazaars and markets to serve the needs of visitors and workers.
Lists of recommended travel destinations often feature the Taj Mahal, which also appears in several listings of seven wonders of the modern world, including the recently announced New Seven Wonders of the World, a recent poll with 100 million votes.